when owning a home or deciding to rent a home. Um, it starts with, uh,
maybe sitting down with a financial advisor. Um, at your command, you
will always have someone of a representative with a financial advisor.
Um, making sure that you have money set aside for either buying
a home or renting. I know, For example, some areas, um, like California.
If you decide to rent, they want first month's rent and last
month's rent and a security deposit. So you wanna make sure that you
are able to afford, uh, both of those, Um, for example, if your rent
in this area is 2700, they want $2700 upfront and the $2700 for your
last month's rent and a $500 deposit, so you have to be able to know
that you can afford that. So you would sit down with a financial
advisor to help you decide if renting is going to be better for you,
or if buying a home is going to be better for you.